[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome to
this edition of "Beyond Belief."
Lisa Barnett back with us, the
founder of the Akashic Knowing
School of Wisdom, where she
teaches students worldwide
to transform their lives
through quantum healing
and by accessing
their Akashic Records.
She is also the author of
four internationally known
bestselling books about
the Akashic Records.
Lisa, welcome back
to the program.
>>LISA BARNETT:
Thank you, George.
It's a pleasure to
be with you again.
>>NOORY: Tell us, what
are the Akashic Records?
>>BARNETT: So the
records are the recording
of your soul's journey through
all time-space continuum, which
means that from the
moment you individuated
from source until you eventually
return home, everything
your soul does, every place,
plain, dimension it lives in,
is recorded in
this etheric energy
that we refer to as the
Akasha or the Akashic Records.
>>NOORY: By a little magic, we
have a picture of your book.
Take a look at that, Lisa.
Isn't that something?
Who did your artwork?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] A lovely
person that my publisher
picked out for me.
And I just love that.
That's the big library.
It's a great way to imagine
the Akashic Records,
is the library of your soul.
>>NOORY: The
Akashic Records, who
puts the information into it?
>>BARNETT: Your
soul automatically
uploads everything
you have ever done.
So it would be like, if you
had a videotape always running
in your head and it
was uploaded every day,
so that was recorded in
your etheric library.
>>NOORY: Who are
the record keepers?
>>BARNETT: The record keepers
are the beings of light
that keep your specific
Akashic Record.
Now, the beautiful thing
that very few people really
are aware of, is that you have a
team of half a dozen or a dozen
Akashic Record
keepers or librarians
keeping your Akashic
library organized.
>>NOORY: Must you die to
enter the Akashic Records?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely not.
The record keepers say that
it is everyone's birthright
to have access into their
own personal Akashic Record,
so you can understand
your life, why you came
and who you've been
in other times.
>>NOORY: I've always
heard of soul contracts.
What are they and who
do we sign them with?
>>BARNETT: [CHUCKLES]
So we actually sign them
with other souls.
Before you are born, we
write a whole big plan.
So you write the soul plan.
You might write 50
or 100 soul contracts
with all these souls
that you would like
to be in relationship with.
So you actually contract
them before you all embody,
each lifetime.
>>NOORY: Can we
break the contract
or are we stuck
with them forever?
>>BARNETT: The good news is,
is that they are breakable.
And often they end because
not only are they all--
they're not meant to be like
a lifetime of contracts.
Otherwise, you might have
a half a dozen contracts
instead of 100 contracts.
So many of them end.
They might be short
term learning,
they might be short term
support or long term support.
>>NOORY: These
contracts that we write,
do we have an input into them?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely.
So, again, if you can
imagine that your soul says,
I'm going back to Earth again
and I have so much I want to do.
We are very excited about
coming back to Earth and all
that we can accomplish
when we're here in a body.
So we want to
support other people,
and they want to support us.
We want to teach and share
wisdom that we've learned.
They want to share some of
their own wisdom with us.
Of course, we often
have challenges
with some of these
other humans, and that
would be a karmic pattern that
you wanted to work through.
You actually chose to bring
that challenge into your life
so you could learn as a soul.
>>NOORY: In one
of your readings,
you address a client's
question about her husband
that has been very close
to death several times.
Let's take a look.
>>TIKA CALDWELL: I feel
like the angel of death
was here and left
a couple of times.
What do the records say?
Because I feel that, and
maybe this is not accurate,
but it's almost like I've been
through some type of initiation
of embodiment for the healing
journey that he's been on
and we've been living through.
He's 20 years older than me.
And so it didn't make a
difference until several years
ago.
He's 85.
I'm 65.
But the amount of courage,
intuition, strength and presence
that it has required, while I
wouldn't wish it on my family
member or enemy, I do believe
that I'm more grounded, embodied
for what we have lived through.
And I've had to face his
passing squarely and willing.
And ask myself, who
am I in his absence?
And then now he's
sticking around some more.
>>BARNETT: I love it.
Yeah, because what the
record keepers are saying
is that this has been a
passage for both of you,
really, of choice.
For him, do I want to do this?
Can we do this?
Is this possible, him having
to really search more his soul?
And then when he chose, yes,
I'm willing, then, of course,
then the body is following
along and saying,
OK, then we'll get better.
There's all sorts of
ways we can get better.
And so the way I hear
it is, his soul just
wasn't sure he had it in
him that the world was
going to pull it
together in time,
that it was worth his staying.
All of those kinds
of things I'm hearing
were part of his
decision and his choices.
And for you, it's beautiful
because you've come through.
Also, is that I can hold this
energy with or without him
if need be.
And that is profound in
you grounding yourself
and holding the
light and knowing
that you are truly
that, that it's not only
with him or with other people.
You are that huge, ancient,
beautiful, angelic being
of light who has
come to do this work.
And you've done it again
and again and again
in all these other
worlds and sacred sites
and different times
and other planets.
And you could step into
that and really own that.
And that's their
really biggest message.
>>NOORY: Lisa,
when somebody dies
from an illness or some
kind of motorcycle accident
or some kind of situation,
is that predetermined?
>>BARNETT: It often is.
And so we make a
very complex plan
to accomplish many, many things
and bring our gifts and talents
back to humanity and love
certain people and be supported.
And it doesn't always
work out that way.
So the way I hear it
from the record keepers
is that most of us
have a couple, they
say, five to seven exit points.
So there are times where we
maybe get really far off plan
because we're very unconscious.
And we may choose that
motorcycle accident
or sometimes the
illness is to say,
I really want to come back soon
and redo what I meant to do
and I haven't accomplished
yet in this life.
And so there are times
where they're written in,
and sometimes they're these
exit points that we also
put into our records
as a possible--
>>NOORY: So are you
saying we have the right
to choose our own life destiny?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely.
Absolutely, which
is absolutely huge,
because not only are you
writing that plan before you
embody, but you are
also, when embodied,
you can write new soul
contracts that you didn't
write before you came here.
You can end some because
I've learned this.
The other person is
not going to come
on board with that contract.
And so we choose to really
consciously end that contract
for this lifetime.
We may come back and
work with them again,
or sometimes that
other person will
do some work with someone
else to complete the contract.
So we have absolute free will.
>>BARNETT: Do the Akashic
Records take us back
into our family origins?
>>BARNETT: Yes, you can.
So we can look at the ancestral
lineage of our family.
So often when a client
comes to me, they say,
I'm experiencing this illness.
Some of this emotional pain and
trauma in my life, some of this
comes from my childhood.
Where else is it coming from?
And often the record keepers
will say that some of it
comes from past lives.
So we bring some of the
challenges from other lives
into this life to
complete those challenges.
And we often may pick
a specific family
for that actual health
challenge or emotional challenge
or experience.
So we can actually,
in the quantum void,
do quite a bit of
healing on these sorts
of ancestral lineage energies
and past life energies.
So things are also
not written in stone.
They are malleable.
>>NOORY: Your new book covers
stories by other people,
I think at least 15.
Tell me about that.
>>BARNETT: Yes, absolutely.
So I was very excited to
do this new book, where
many of my students
wrote stories
about experiences they have
had by accessing the Akashic
Records.
And so it gives
people a great idea
of how you might even
use the Akashic Records.
One of my students, I remember,
was having a challenge
with the land, her family land.
And she wanted to sell
it, but it wouldn't sell.
And yet there was a lot of
negative and dark energy
in the land.
>>NOORY: Animosity.
>>BARNETT: Yeah.
So literally, working
in the Akashic records,
she got so much information,
how to heal the land,
how to change things that
eventually then, her property
sold.
And she and her family moved
on with greater ease and grace.
And so lots and lots
of amazing examples
of how people use the Akashic
Records in their everyday life.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved in even
reading Akashic Records?
You didn't just wake
up one day and say,
this is what I'm going
to do for a living.
What happened?
>>BARNETT: So I had a
little healing center,
and I was doing energy
readings and healings.
I was more intuitive.
And all of a sudden, one day, I
heard this big energetic voice,
and they gave me all
of this information.
And it was like, I had been
reading more the energy
fields, the chakras, the
higher self of a client
and doing healing.
But this was like this infinite
information and wisdom.
All of these other
lifetimes, the soul plan
was coming through, some of
their future possible choices.
And I thought, holy moly,
that's just amazing!
And it actually
took quite a while.
Back then, nobody was really
talking about the Akashic
Records really back
much in the '80s, '90s.
Even 2000s, when I started
to really bring the work out,
often people would
still say, Akasha,
what are you talking about?
So I naturally was called
into the Akashic energy
by the record keepers.
>>NOORY: Are the Akashic
records your book of life?
Is that the same thing?
>>BARNETT: Yes,
it absolutely is.
And so many different
religions have
written about, in different
ways, the book of life.
And it had been known of,
and we were very aware of it
thousands and
thousands of years ago.
But during the Dark
Ages, the people
were using it for
their own gain.
And so the energy of the
Akasha was literally pulled
from the planet, so that people
could not access it any longer.
And of course, we forgot about
it over that last 1,000 years.
And so when the record
keepers came to me, they said,
it's time.
This is the time, we're
moving into this new age.
We're going to move
into higher dimensions.
It's time that
humanity has access
again into this expansive
wisdom of their soul.
>>NOORY: And do we have
full access now, Lisa?
>>BARNETT: We have
pretty full access.
The bigger galactic Akashic
Records are opening.
>>NOORY: What are they?
>>BARNETT: Well, so most of what
we see in the regular Akashic
Records, that we call the
Akasha or Akashic Records,
are mostly about
our human lives.
Lot of detail in there about
the last 5000, 8,000 years,
all of these different lives.
>>NOORY: We're old.
>>BARNETT: We are very old.
We are.
Yes, we are, George.
And then the
galactic, of course,
the more deeper information
about the other worlds,
I'm going to say that
all of us are starseeds.
So whether you're from Sirius
or the Pleiades or Arcturus
or whatever other
world you're from,
the information and
those connections
are opening and deepening.
So we can actually get more
information about past lives
from some of these other worlds.
>>NOORY: Can we tap into
somebody else's Akashic Records?
And if so, why?
>>BARNETT: Well, so we only
access someone else's Akashic
Records with their full
consent and permission.
>>NOORY: They have
to let us know.
>>BARNETT: Yes.
And so, of course,
I do readings.
That's what I do with clients,
is I open their Akashic Records.
They get to ask me the questions
that they're curious about.
We all have those big questions,
and I can answer them.
I can talk to, hear, see, feel
their Akashic Record keepers,
and answer their
questions for them.
>>NOORY: With these records,
we chose what we want to do,
where we want to go?
Why?
>>BARNETT: Part of
our plan, absolutely.
And again, because
we're infinite
souls and we really
have intentions
to either do something
great with humanity,
maybe to support some humans
that become our family
or to create a new invention
to change the world.
We're often really coming
here to help humanity wake up
and to start to
transform the world.
And so the most of the
people you have on your show
are those lightworkers who
are here to help us transform.
>>NOORY: Could we have
originated on other planets?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: And what
brought us here?
>>BARNETT: Well, that's
always such a great question
because I believe
that it's usually
much easier on other
worlds and planets.
And we come to Earth
for this very specific
physical experience, the love
that we have in this realm.
This is a very
physical, 3D world,
where we don't have
that anywhere else.
So this experience
can be very fulfilling
if you spend a lot of
your lifetimes in a more
etheric, non-human form
or less dense human form.
So we think it's fun.
And we also learn and grow.
>>NOORY: Are the records,
Lisa, etched in stone,
or can they be changed?
What if we did something
horrendous a long time ago?
Can we get in
there and erase it?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS]
In a way, George,
we actually can, because
they're not written in stone.
So if you imagine
that everything
is held, of course, in the
quantum field of source,
everything is always happening.
We can, in that energy
of the quantum void,
go outside of time and space.
This is how I do
healing for clients.
Go outside.
I can see that lifetime.
And less erasing it because
we did something horrific,
but more about helping
to release emotional pain
and trauma that we've
created for ourselves
and is actually affecting
our personal life.
So often, people have
all these blocks,
and they're coming from past
lives in other different times
and spaces that
we're still feeling
in this life and this body.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
In a reading that you
had with another one
of your many clients--
>>BARNETT: Yes.
>>NOORY: --you tap
into the wreckage
to discover this person's
galactic origins.
Let's see.
>>BARNETT: And I see,
you definitely have
some Sirian, Arcturian iron.
Yeah.
And it makes sense because
you have a lot of them.
What I'm going to say,
older kind of starseed
lives because you actually came
in from the Andromeda galaxy.
So Andromeda's whole
another galaxy.
[CHUCKLES]
And apparently, it's supposed
to eventually come in,
or we're supposed to merge
the Milky Way and Andromeda.
But that'll probably
take billions of years,
so I don't think we'll really
be around for that show.
So Andromedans are really,
because they're even so from so
far away, so ancient,
such kind of travelers.
You're definitely a
galactic traveler type.
Do you use that prayer, the
galactic traveler access prayer
to open the records?
- Yeah, I'm used the--
I started with galactic,
the first course,
and then I moved
to the Andromeda.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
So that makes sense, because
you are those types of worlds.
But again, it's not just that.
It's you've been Arcturian,
Sirian, lived a lot of places
because we are so infinite.
And I don't even know that we
can believe or understand what
that means in our human brain.
But I love a lot of those
different kinds of energies
which are very much about
helping humanity to wake
up at this point.
I always feel the
Arcturians have
such a mission to
also help us go
from war to peace to awakening.
So big, big energy around
that bringing peace
to humanity,
greater spirituality
with wonderful tools like sacred
geometry, advanced technologies.
So I get that you really hold a
lot of that even in this life So
kind of saying,
you're very infinite.
You can't even put a number
on how many lives it is.
But as an Andromedan, as
an Arcturian, as a Sirian.
But that Arcturian aspect of
helping to rewrite, rewire,
in a lot of ways, our world.
Unprogram, deprogram, our world,
that's a lot of the kind of work
that you've come to do.
And in some ways you've come
to do it by inventing new.
>>NOORY: When you are doing
that, is that a reading
or where's that
information flowing?
>>BARNETT: Yes, so I call
that an Akashic reading.
And earlier on in the
session with that gentleman,
I used a vibrational key to
energetically open the door
into his Akashic library.
And then he was asking
me different questions,
and I was answering
his, where am I
from, galactically
type of question.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>BARNETT: And so I hear them.
So I'm very clairaudient.
I usually see some images.
A lot of information comes
through claircognizantly.
It's that very
clear knowingness.
And so I'm basically
just speaking
what I'm hearing,
feeling, seeing, to him.
>>NOORY: How can he
use the information
you give him to better himself?
>>BARNETT: Yes.
So we were also
working with part
of purpose, what's his purpose.
And I always like
people to realize
that we have many purposes.
Even if we live 60,
70, 80, 90 years,
there is so much to
do in that much time.
And so he really
was here in part
to work with helping humanity to
awaken through energetic means.
And so he's working
by creating, inventing
some new different
sorts of technology.
And that's what
he's actually doing.
So he was very validated by the
information I was giving him
when he realized that,
oh, you're very galactic,
and you come to help us invent
new technology for humanity.
>>NOORY: Lisa,
what is a starseed?
>>BARNETT: So we just consider
that someone from another world,
planet, plane like--
>>NOORY: Could I be a starseed?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely
George, you are.
>>NOORY: You could tell?
>>BARNETT: Yes.
Well, there's a couple
of different things.
One is that your desire to
bring this wisdom and light
to humanity is a big
mission for all starseeds,
really helping people to
awaken to new information
to other worlds, to really start
to actualize our greater truth.
And so you are
definitely, I would
say, from a much further
world like Andromeda, a very,
very, very, very ancient soul.
>>NOORY: Why can't I
remember that life?
Why is there a block here?
It's almost like
we have amnesia.
>>BARNETT: Yes, absolutely.
It's actually part of
the human programming.
So when we decided to
create a world where
we could have these specific
type of human experiences,
we actually programmed ourselves
to not remember before.
And so even though you make a
very big, complex soul plan,
you come in, you have
complete amnesia.
We go through this whole
years of being a small child.
Although what I do
find interesting
is that small children will
often have some kind of memory,
around maybe two
or three or four.
But then that amnesia really
kicks in and we forget.
>>NOORY: I remember the case of
James Leininger, the little boy
who was a World War
II pilot, and he
remembered specific
things about what
happened during that battle.
His plane, the tires
that would blow out
upon landing, his crew members.
They took him to a
reunion years later,
and he met the guys who were in
his unit, from the other life.
And he remembered who they were.
Hey, Joe.
Hey, Pete.
-
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: They were
astounded by that.
How does that happen?
>>BARNETT: Well, I
would say that there
are those rare souls who
have been on this planet,
I'm going to say,
many, many, many times.
And they actually do have
a better type of memory.
It's like, I
believe that we come
to a point in our
human existence is,
where we can start to
override this programming.
And even for myself,
I was awake at three.
I could remember
not being in a body.
I could realize, I was like,
no, I'm back in a body!
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Do these
past lives sometimes
overlap, where you get confused?
>>BARNETT: I haven't
seen confusion,
but there are times where
there will be two or maybe even
three aspects of the soul.
Now the soul is huge.
And so you could
have a small aspect,
and we just have small
aspects in our bodies.
You could have two or three
on the Earth at the same time.
And I'm going to say that
we very rarely ever bump
into ourselves.
But there are times where we
may have a kind of a weird--
and I've noticed
this in readings,
where I'll be telling
somebody about a past life,
and then the record keepers will
come in with another past life.
And I'm like, oh, that's weird.
Those are overlapping lives,
but same soul, two bodies
overlapping time.
>>NOORY: Does our soul purpose
change from one lifetime
to another?
>>BARNETT: I'm going to
say it does in some ways.
Now, the way the record keepers
explain the soul is often there
are kind of specific,
more specific desires.
One soul may be very technical.
They may come back
again and again
in technical aspects
and creating new things
and really living in that more,
maybe physical, technical world.
Someone else may be very
much about the meditation,
the vibration,
more like a sound,
and they may come in much
more in meditative type lives.
So we have an overview
energy of a soul,
but we like to come and
play in every arena.
So we literally come and do
everything, from being a farmer,
to living in caves,
to being often,
spiritual meditators, often
having lives in government.
We do it all because most of us
live 500 to 800 lifetimes here
on Earth alone.
>>NOORY: Sometimes the
Akashic Record readings
can offer advice about your
career path, the direction
you're going to go
in our current life.
Let's look at an
example of that.
>>CALDWELL: What I was
told is that living design
is a substrate.
And as we collaborate with
many, the flavors of how
it can move out into
the world, whether it's
in the agricultural
community, whether it's
in the spiritual
in the technological
community or the business
community or the holistic
healing community,
it allows for this connection
that you're talking about--
>>BARNETT: Yes.
>>CALDWELL: --to bridge
this net of golden light.
And so that's-- do you have any
suggestions about next steps?
>>BARNETT: Yeah.
So what they just showed me,
which is funny but really cool,
is that they say, you
will have so much support
from all of these
different walks of life.
Yes, you'll meet people
who will bring the work
into every different area.
And then what they showed
me was your little house kit
in every hardware store.
[LAUGHTER]
I know.
>>CALDWELL: OK.
We'll get from here to there.
Somehow the mystery
is unfolding.
>>BARNETT: Right.
But it's just like growing and
growing in different areas.
Of course, it's that kind
of energetic process.
And of course, you're meeting
some people who have names
and who have probably
some great places
to connect you up for the
next marketing person.
Or how do I market more
to the general public
because it will help your
house and all the EMFs
and all of the things that
many, many, many people are
worried about?
They might not care about
a golden grid, but--
>>CALDWELL: You're right.
>>BARNETT: --they
care about the EMFs.
And so we're speaking
to those people
to help them heal their
home and keep their children
and their families
and their pets safe.
So really that aspect.
And then there's
the spiritual people
who are maybe more
about, yes, that,
but I see the golden grids.
I see that energy expanding.
And not only is it
expanding, but it's
connecting and interweaving
and intertwining.
So that it is really
creating this grid
around the world, which will
activate more and more grids.
And so being pieces of how
do you awaken a humanity.
And this is one of
the important pieces,
this work that you're doing.
>>NOORY: The Akashic
records, do they always give
advice about your career path?
>>BARNETT: Well,
people get to ask
their own specific questions.
And so you actually can access
the soul of your business.
So if someone has their own
business like this woman does,
then she can ask about the soul
of her business, the business
path, maybe even
sometimes, information
like what's coming
through, and marketing,
and different aspects.
But of course,
most of my clients
come for personal readings
because they're maybe
interested in knowing more
about their relationships
with their parents, their
children, their best friends
or what their purposes are.
>>NOORY: It's almost
like you're psychic.
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] Well,
it's a different realm.
So the thing with
being psychic is
there's very much of this
life, this energy field,
higher self to higher
self-communication.
And so, of course, that is
in play with the Akasha.
Although the Akasha
is the Library
of your soul's journey
through all time space,
not just this more realm, this
body, which is a little bit more
of the psychic realm.
>>NOORY: So the Akashic
Records are primarily
aimed at the record-keeping
of your soul path
since the beginning of time.
Am I correct?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely.
That's exactly what it is.
George.
>>NOORY: If you had 1,000 souls,
those lives would be in that
book.
>>BARNETT: Yes, there
would be 1,000 libraries.
Every single soul has
its own Akashic library
and its own set
of a half a dozen
or a dozen Akashic
Record keepers.
So you've got your own library,
as do I and every one of those
1,000 people.
Instead of just being
a name in a book,
they would have a library.
>>NOORY: Now, what happens
if things just fall apart
when life collapses around us?
What's causing that?
>>BARNETT: So it's
interesting, because we
are such ancient and
infinite souls, that we often
come to learn either a
challenging lesson, which
is possible to be
around your health
or maybe your business
collapses or possibly we're
a place in the
world where there's
an earthquake or a flood.
Sometimes life
really falls apart.
And there are times
where, again, there's
collective contracts.
So there are areas
in the world that
may have a collective
contract about being part
of a big earthquake and
how they come together
and how they fix it and how they
rebuild and how they go forward.
And so as infinite souls, we
really have plans about many
of these things.
And really, the
record keepers say
the important piece
is that instead
of falling into a space
of feeling like a victim,
instead of falling
into that energy of,
my town has been destroyed--
of course that's
traumatic and terrible.
But again, how can we
recreate it better?
What can we do different
so that everyone is living
in a healthier, safer place?
Where can we build?
And so there's information
in your Akashic Records
that helps you to understand why
you might pick that scenario,
why you would put that
challenge in your life
and how you can come out of it.
It really may be with
greater ease and grace.
>>NOORY: What does it
do to us as individuals?
Do we become better when
we access the records?
>>BARNETT: [CHUCKLES] I would
say we can become better.
>>NOORY: Or we
should become better.
>>BARNETT: Well, it's a
process, and we are human.
But when you access the
Akashic records-- so most of us
humans live in a
very emotional world.
Much of the planet lives--
if you looked at a
vibrational scale,
like Dr. David
Hawkins used to talk
about in power versus force,
the scale of 0 to 1000.
Well, most of humanity is
around 50, 100, 150, 200.
We live in a very low
vibrational, low frequency
energy.
And when we open
our records, we're
actually moving into the energy
of love and grace and peace.
That's where the Akashic
Records are stored.
So we literally get
that healing energy.
We get to spend time in the
energy of pure source love.
We get to receive the
information and wisdom
from our Akashic
Record keepers who
are sharing with us how
to transform our lives,
how to create a better world.
And so it really does.
If we use the Akashic
access as a process,
if it's something we do on a
regular basis for ourselves
to understand our lives,
who we are, why we've come,
what we've come to, maybe how
we've come to support humanity,
we really do eventually
start to see the world really
through brighter eyes,
through more love and grace.
And so it can be very, very
emotionally and energetically
transformative.
>>NOORY: Lisa, what
is quantum healing?
>>BARNETT: The Akashic Records
are part of the quantum field
So we know that everything
is part of quantum.
Source is part of quantum.
And so what I see in
the Akashic Records
is that when we move into this
beautiful, high vibrational
energy, we're actually
moving more consciously
into this expanded
quantum void, which
is a space of,
actually, nothingness,
but of infinite possibilities.
And so in that space of the
quantum void, where everything
is possible, where we
can create from nothing,
we actually can recreate
some of the lives,
maybe where we
made a big mistake.
We can learn and grow around
some of these challenges.
We can release some of the
emotional, just the pain
and challenges that we've had.
And so in this beautiful quantum
void space of source energy,
we can start to
transform ourselves.
>>NOORY: Your client asked you
once at the end of a session,
if she had cleared her
internal blockages.
Let's listen in on
that answer from you.
>>CALDWELL: Have I
cleared any blocks
that could need to be cleared
for the safety of myself
and living design,
moving forward?
>>BARNETT: Beautiful question.
And I'm just watching
all of this energy
as we were even
speaking about it.
The flow from the center,
right from the heart of Gaia,
I'm watching it wash up
right through the planet,
through you, your heart,
your head, your mind.
Really all of that
just expanding up
into the higher realms,
your higher self and on
and really just releasing any
old worries, stories, fear.
Just see that just
dissipating, just like a fog
would dissipate from the Earth
as you breathe into your heart.
And know that you truly
are an ancient soul
with divine guidance and
wisdom and amazing talents
to help at this time.
And so it looks really
clear and smooth.
Just a little bit of the old
energy just dropping away.
And they're saying, yes, you
are clear, you are ready,
you are in service.
And of course, discernment is
always part of the process.
Sometimes people might show
up, and they're excited but not
quite ready.
So sometimes it's a timing
issue, a little divine timing.
But you are, and you know
it's really their message.
>>CALDWELL: What a gift!
What a gift!
>>NOORY: And she's
right, what a gift.
These records that you
tap into, etherically
speaking, where are they?
>>BARNETT: You're part of
source, which is not a place.
It is certainly not part of
this time-space continuum.
And so what I've
seen is that there
used to be some physical forms
of the Akasha on the planet,
like in ancient Egypt,
underneath the Sphinx.
But all of those have
been, whatever, depleted.
And so all of the Akasha
is in source energy,
in this quantum
field of the all.
>>NOORY: Right, they have been
in the Library of Alexandria,
and hence it burned down.
Maybe somebody was trying
to do something heinous.
>>BARNETT: There
is a possibility.
I believe, that some
of those, Alexandria,
there's a place
also in Egypt where
I went to see the Serapeum,
which had actually
spaces in the wall,
like they were books.
And I walked into
that space, and I just
had huge energetic downloads
of the information that
had been stored in that space.
And so I believe it was held
on Earth in a variety of ways
to help us as we were continuing
forward after the Ice Age.
I think they were
older than the Ice Age.
>>NOORY: Why is it
important for an individual
to access their Akashic records?
>>BARNETT: It gives
you really the ability
to know who you are as the
infinite soul that you are.
And so to me, the
experience of seeing
past lives in which I was part
of an ancient mystery school,
and I did have some
lives in also in Egypt
and in Persia and China, and
many of these lives, very
ancient lives.
I know I was part of
the Druid community
at some point in Scotland,
a very long time ago.
So it helps us to
actually embody
the wisdom and the energy that
is held in our Akashic Records,
so that we can integrate
it into our physical body
and start to energetically
remember and access
that information.
>>NOORY: Your website
is akashicknowing.com.
Where do people get your book?
>>BARNETT: They are all on
Amazon, all four of them.
>>NOORY: Lisa, Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>BARNETT: Thank you, George.
It's a pleasure.
>>NOORY: I was
tempted to ask her
to access my Akashic records,
but I'm going to wait.
I'm not ready.
Not yet.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]